don't meditate you phony prick man that
takes the meaning a road rage to a whole
other level but what's up guys at a
Saints fan hope you guys are having a
good day
we're back with episode 8 of the top 5
deaths of the week and that was I don't
even know man the NPC's in this game or
something else but we have some pretty
awesome deaths and honestly number 2 and
number 1 could be some of the funniest s
I've seen in a while soul this this
episode should be really fun real quick
though of you guys want to submit a clip
for next week's episode go into the
description the instructions on how to
do it is in there it's really simple
basically it's upload your clip to
YouTube and email me I learned
apparently from last week that a lot of
you guys don't like younger people play
in this game because the number one spot
seemed to be like 11 12 year old kid and
I mean come on guys we were all young
once so you can't hate on him I thought
it was pretty funny but I guess some of
you guys had a different opinion but
anyway getting into number 5 for this
week we have all raw we smurfed and he
is in a deathmatch and this is just
Karma for camping usually stuff like
that happens in other games like Call of
Duty or battlefield but it's nice to
know some BS happens and GTA as well but
coming to number 4 we have rocker Lewis
and this clip shows the professionalism
of cops the cops are so skilled in this
game they can use the surrounding area
to their advantage
honestly that was one of the most
professional cop kills I think I've ever
seen in this game
moving into number three we have playing
Menna and what they're trying to do is
get the daily objective for parachuting
dangerously basically you just gotta
open up your parachute right before you
hit the ground and live unfortunately
for him though the helicopter that he
jumped out was not too happy
all right
now moving into number 2 and honestly
number 2 and number 1 in my opinion
they're interchangeable these both are
freaking hilarious but number 2 we have
Luke 239 pones he is playing some
snipers and stun turns and he is feeling
great he lands up here he's taking all
the enemies out
he finally goes for the last kill when
the only thing you can say is what are
friends for
man that that's just so unlucky but
coming in with number one we have Casper
and this is just the epitome of bad luck
in gta5 I so many things are wrong with
this club I'm just gonna let you guys
watch it and feel his pain for yourself
like I said I don't even know where to
begin with that Club die that is
basically GTA online in a nutshell but
hope you guys enjoyed this episode of
the top five deaths of the week don't
forget to check out the bonus clip at
the end it's actually a pretty cool
bonus club just because it was actually
recorded with the video editor so it's
got some pretty cool stuff in it but
again if you want to submit a clip for
next week's episode go into the
description check out the instructions
how to do it it's really simple drop a
like in this video if you did enjoy it
subscribtion of Missy's every Wednesday
and as always it's your boy Saints fan
I'm out
double kill triple kill
overkill